1. Diffuse
1. Ans. When we look at rendering of simple sphere, it can be seen that the Lambertian BRDF has a uniform fall off and
becomes darker as the half angle increases (as we move towards the edge of the sphere). For the disney diffuse as we
move towards the edge of the sphere, the reflectance drops as well, but it gets higher at the grazing retro reflections,
i.e. at the very edge of the sphere.

2. Ans. When we look at rendering of simple sphere, it can be seen that the base diffuse term is close to lambertian
except for the peak at grazing retro-reflection. However, the subsurface term is opposite of the lambertian i.e. the
reflectivity increases as we move towards the edge of the sphere. This can be explained by the volumetric absorption
term in the Lommel-Seeliger law. As the angle between the w_in/w_out and the normal increases (i.e. when we move towards
 of the edge of the sphere), the reflectance increases.

When the lighting is aligned with the view direction, the base diffuse BRDF differs the most from the subsurface BRDF.
This happens because when light is aligned with view direction, we see a lot of points on the sphere where the normal
is close to the light direction leading to a higher volumetric absorption. When we observe more volumetric absorption,
naturally, the BRDF differences are more apparent.

2. Metal
1. Ans. When we look at rendering of simple sphere, it can be seen that roughplastic has isotropic reflection but disney
metal has some level of anisotropism when it reflects, leading to a slanted specular highlight.

2. Ans. As the roughness is increased, the specular highlights start to dissipate. For very high roughness, they
completely disappear. Also, anisotropism in the highlights reduces with increasing roughness. Increasing roughness may
be thought of as moving towards the diffuse spectrum of materials.

3. Clearcoat
1. Ans. When we look at the rendering of simple sphere, it can be seen that Disney Metal is more specular and
anisotropic when compared to Disney clear coat for the similar alpha values.


4. Sheen
1. Ans. For the simple sphere when light is on the z-axis, the image is all black. This is due to the fact that half
vector and w_out are aligned which makes the (1 - h*w_out)^5 term zero for all points on the surface. However, if we
change the light direction to lie on x-axis or y-axis, then the edges of the sphere seem to be lit. This is due to the
fact that (1 - h*w_out)^5 is no longer zero anymore and |n*w_out| is high at the edges.



