Q1. Single monochromatic absorption-only homogeneous volume
Ans. Upon changing the absorption coefficient to 0, the emissive sphere is very bright indicating that the medium is
not attenuating light as it travels.

Q2. Single monochromatic homogeneous volume with absorption and single-scattering, no surface lighting
Ans. Upon increasing the sigma_s, the overall image gets dimmer due to increased out-scattering. Upon decreasing the
sigma_s the image gets brighter disproportionately for the sphere compared to its surrounding. This is due to reduced
out-scattering for the light being emitted from the sphere.

Upon increasing the sigma_a, the image gets darker overall, more so around the sphere. This happens due to the increased
absorption of radiance. Upon decreasing the sigma_a, the image gets brighter especially around the sphere due to reduced
absorption of radiance.

Q3. Multiple monochromatic homogeneous volumes with absorption
    and multiple-scattering using only phase function sampling, no
    surface lighting
Ans. The image gets brighter with decreased sigma_a due to the reduced absorption of the radiance. On
reducing the sigma_s, the medium gets darker due to the reduced in-scattering. On reducing the maxDepth, the sphere with
medium1 gets darker and has sharp boundaries indicating that the not a lot of samples end up reaching the light source.
With increasing maxDepth the medium1 sphere gets brighter, since it is likely that lot of the samples will end up
hitting the light if they scatter around for a long time.

Q4. Multiple monochromatic homogeneous volumes with absorption
    and multiple-scattering with both phase function sampling and
    next event estimation, no surface lighting
Ans. The object composed of dense volume is similar to a lambertian material. This happens because the despite the
presence of participating media, the light rays are unable to reach the light source due to very high absorption,
especially on the side of the sphere which is not facing the light. Even when we perform NEE the radiance contribution
at each scattering point is very low if the point is far away from the light source.